Code Exercise - Backend

Following is a programming exercise that we expect you to solve and come up with a solution.
Unit tests are mandatory.

Problem Statement
It is a program to calculate and print a statement of a customer's charges at a book rental store.
It is divided into 3 stories. Pick each story in sequence, solve it, test it, and then pick up next.
The next story should be applied in the same solution and your design should start
evolving.(show some release management process as the solution evolves)
(Note - You need to create just one solution only which would satisfy all 3 stories incrementally)

Story 1:
Customers can rent the books from the store. The rent changes will be calculated on the basis
of the number of books rented and durations for each book it was rented. Per day rental charge
is $ 1.

Story 2:
There are three kinds of books: regular, fiction, and novels. For Regular books renting per day
charge is $. 1.5. For fiction book renting per day, charge is $. 3. For novels, the per-day charge
is $. 1.5.

Story 3:
The store decided to alter the calculations for Regular books and novels. Now for Regular books
for the first 2 days charges will be $ 1 per day and $ 1.5 thereafter. Minimum changes will be
considered as $ 2 if days rented is less than 2 days. Similarly for Novel minimum charges are
introduced as $ 4.5 if days rented is less than 3 days.

We'd like to see how your solution evolves with every new story. So, please implement
the stories in the given order, with at least one commit per story (of course, you may
create as many intermediate commits as you like). You may share your solution through
GitHub public repo

Your solutions would be reviewed for:
    1. Tests
    2. Design of code
    3. Clean Code
    4. Completeness of solution
    5. UI/UX design

Language Python, Flask/Django.

Must Requirement:
    1. Host the solution on a server and share the online link with us.
    2. Share one solution with us for the evolution of the product on github.
    3. Show a report on test coverage.
